Add images from Explorer to DevNet guide (#1813)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/explore/devnet.md

Now you can view the created object in the [Sui Explorer](http://explorer.devnet.sui.io) at:
https://explorer.devnet.sui.io/objects/ED883F6812AF447B9B0CE220DA5EA9E0F58012FE

> Replace the object ID in the link above with the object ID of the ExampleN FT you observed in your own command output to see it in Sui Explorer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the object ID in the link above with the object ID of the Example NFT you observed in your own command output to see it in Sui Explorer:
```
